synergy to from seamless makes it easier
than ever to share a single keyboard and
mouse with multiple computers you can
check it out at the link in the video
description so we're here in the Intel
booth at CES 2018 where they are showing
off some very non-conventional chips so
first up we've got a quantum processor
from Intel this is codename tangle Lake
the most advanced chip that has ever
been designed if the folks here to be
believed and I don't know they seem
pretty credible so Intel is saying that
this gate based chip has a provable
quantum speed-up something that you
actually can't take for granted because
there has been some controversy in the
quantum computing community around
whether some existing quantum chips are
actually faster or truly quantum so
these connections you see here are
actually fundamentally basic coaxial
connections except they're made out of
solid gold and this is where quantum
computing gets kind of crazy
they are basically externally driven by
microwave generators that control and
manipulate the qubits
so the actual quantum processor though
is on the other side and looks a little
something like this guys so this has to
be held at a temperature that is 250
times colder than beep space so the only
way to get it to that temperature is in
a cooler about the size of a 55-gallon
drum and then they're using some
undisclosed helium isotope in order to
chill it to that temperature now the
practical applications of quantum
computing are many so let's talk about
Biosciences being able to simulate
protein folding instead of serially bit
by bit you can actually look at the
whole thing all at once fluid dynamics
computational science here's something
they're talking about once they get to a
hundred qubits they figure you'll be
able to
break through brute force alone existing
encryption schemes so that's sort of
terrifying but I've been assured that
we'll have better encryption by the time
that's a problem right right yeah good
okay so that's great
next to it we've got there neuromorphic
Loihi chip so this is actually this
little tiny chip right here under the
board is a hundred and twenty eight
cores of which only three of them I
believe our conventional CPUs the rest
of them are other types of processors so
four of these guys fit on this board
right here and they're using a type of
architecture that is referred to as
biomimetics
or bio mimicking so it actually uses the
same influencing and learning engines as
the human brain so the advantage here is
very very high speeds for the type of
thinking that a brain would do so
self-driving cars anybody and extreme
power efficiency so they figure this is
about a hundred times more efficient
than a traditional chip for optimized
workloads speaking of optimizing your
workload synergy to makes it easier than
ever to set up keyboard and mouse
sharing between multiple computers
please
across even complicated networking
setups and the best part is you guys can
save fifty percent at the link below
that is seamless comm slash synergy
slash Linus CES 3 so thanks for watching
guys you just like this video then you
clearly like don't get excited about
tech because this is cool if you
guys liked it though hit like get
subscribed so you don't miss any of our
CES 2018 content and you'll see you at
the next booth